Added isSortable to Datagrid columns (#2952)
elastic/eui: CHANGELOG.md

## [`master`](https://github.com/elastic/eui/tree/master)

> - Added `isSortable` props to `DataGridColumn` to mark them as un-sortable ([#2952](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2952))

Reviewer: Small updates to keep this accurate

```suggestion
- Added `isSortable` props to `EuiDataGridColumn` and `EuiDataGridSchemaDetector` to mark them as un-sortable ([#2952](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2952))
```
